New: language file to store languages and migrate each language separately (fixes #5) (#6)
cgkineo/adapt-migrations: README.md

      if (mode === 'capture') {
        // TODO: capture all languages and not just the first
        if (!fs.existsSync(outputPath)) fs.mkdirSync(outputPath);
        const languages = framework.getData().languages.map((language) => language.name);
        const languageFile = path.join(outputPath, 'captureLanguages.json');
        fs.writeJSONSync(languageFile, languages);

        languages.forEach(async (language, index) => {
          const data = framework.getData().languages[index].getAllFileItems().map(fileItem => fileItem.item);
          const captured = await migrations.capture({ data, fromPlugins: plugins });
          const outputFile = path.join(outputPath, `capture_${language}.json`);
          fs.writeJSONSync(outputFile, captured);
        });

        return next();
      }

      if (mode === 'migrate') {

        const languagesFile = path.join(outputPath, 'captureLanguages.json');
        const languages = fs.readJSONSync(languagesFile);

>         for (let i = 0; i < languages.length; i++) {
>           const Journal = migrations.Journal;
>           if (!fs.existsSync(outputPath)) fs.mkdirSync(outputPath);
>           const outputFile = path.join(outputPath, `capture_${languages[i]}.json`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        for (const language of languages) {
          const Journal = migrations.Journal;
          if (!fs.existsSync(outputPath)) fs.mkdirSync(outputPath);
          const outputFile = path.join(outputPath, `capture_${language}.json`);
```
